docs: #1659 remove line that we don't support changing RF (#1660)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/manage/pages/iceberg/iceberg-topics-databricks-unity.adoc

Follow the steps in the https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/connect/unity-catalog/cloud-storage/external-locations[Databricks documentation] to *manually* create an external location. You can create the external location in the Catalog Explorer or with SQL. You must create the external location manually because the location needs to be associated with the existing Tiered Storage bucket URL, `s3://<bucket-name>`.

== Choose a catalog setup

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can either create a new catalog dedicated to Redpanda topics or use an existing catalog. If you create a new catalog, Redpanda automatically creates the required schema for you. If you need to integrate with an existing catalog, you must manually create the schema in that catalog before Redpanda creates any Iceberg tables.

After you set up your catalog, the authorization and Redpanda configuration steps are the same for both options.

```
Would recommend an intro like this to help tighten the following subsections.

Also -- would "manually create the schema before Redpanda creates any Iceberg tables" specifically mean that this step should be done before enabling Iceberg topics?

=== Option 1: Create a new catalog (recommended)

Follow the steps in the Databricks documentation to https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/catalogs/create-catalog[create a standard catalog^]. When you create the catalog, specify the external location you created in the previous step as the storage location.

If you are using the recommended new-catalog setup, you can skip Option 2. Redpanda creates the default `redpanda` schema for you.

> You use the catalog name when you set the Iceberg cluster configuration properties in Redpanda in a later step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this setup, Redpanda creates the default `redpanda` schema for you. You use the catalog name when you set the Iceberg cluster configuration properties in Redpanda in a later step.
```
We can remove the "skip Option 2" sentence as it's a bit superfluous

=== Option 2: Use an existing catalog with a pre-created schema

> If you need to integrate Redpanda with an existing Unity Catalog catalog object, manually create the schema that Redpanda will use before Redpanda creates any tables in that catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to integrate Redpanda with an existing Unity Catalog catalog object, follow the steps to https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/schemas/create-schema[create a schema^] in the catalog.
```

> Unity Catalog resolves managed storage locations through a hierarchy of metastore > catalog > schema. If you assign the schema its own managed storage location, Redpanda can use the existing catalog while the schema stores its managed Iceberg data in the schema-specific location. See the Databricks documentation on https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/data-governance/unity-catalog/#managed-storage-location-hierarchy[managed storage location hierarchy^] and https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/schemas/create-schema[creating schemas^].

Reviewer: I would actually move this paragraph to the end of the section and move the schema creation steps up

When you use this approach:

* By default, Redpanda creates tables in a schema named `redpanda`.

> * If you want to use a different schema, set config_ref:iceberg_default_catalog_namespace,true,properties/cluster-properties[`iceberg_default_catalog_namespace`] before enabling Iceberg, then manually create that schema in the catalog.

Reviewer 2: i believe @kbatuigas has work in progress to cover that in a separate pr

> * If you want to use a different schema, set config_ref:iceberg_default_catalog_namespace,true,properties/cluster-properties[`iceberg_default_catalog_namespace`] before enabling Iceberg, then manually create that schema in the catalog.

Reviewer: To clarify - should they use the custom namespace _only if_ they want to use an existing catalog? If they can use it for either (and if we recommend it), custom namespace can also be explained in the intro before going into the two options

> * When you create the schema, set its managed storage location to the same S3 bucket used for Redpanda Tiered Storage, through the external location you created in the previous step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* By default, Redpanda creates tables in a schema named `redpanda`. If you want to use a different schema, set config_ref:iceberg_default_catalog_namespace,true,properties/cluster-properties[`iceberg_default_catalog_namespace`] to your custom schema before enabling Iceberg, then manually create that schema in the catalog.
* Set the schema's managed storage location to the same S3 bucket used for Redpanda Tiered Storage, using the external location you created in the previous step.
```
I would swap this with the preceding "Unity Catalog resolves..." paragraph so this is closer to the link to the schema creation steps

> For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unity Catalog resolves managed storage locations through a hierarchy of metastore > catalog > schema. If you assign the schema its own managed storage location, Redpanda can use the existing catalog while the schema stores its managed Iceberg data in the schema-specific location.

For example:
```
I would move this paragraph here, and then the next lines can illustrate the concept, and then we can provide the Databricks doc link afterwards if they are interested in learning more

* Your existing Unity Catalog catalog stores managed data in `s3://<catalog-bucket-name>`.
ifdef::env-cloud[]

> * You manually create a `redpanda` schema in that catalog and override its managed storage location, through the external location, to `s3://redpanda-cloud-storage-<cluster-id>`, which matches the S3 bucket that Redpanda uses for Tiered Storage.

Reviewer: Would we have anyone using BYOVPC? In which case it would be the name the chose for the customer-managed bucket. Wonder if we should instead say something like "to the S3 bucket that Redpanda uses for your cluster's object storage (`s3://redpanda-cloud-storage-<cluster-id>` for BYOC, or your customer-managed bucket for BYOVPC)".

endif::[]
ifndef::env-cloud[]
* You manually create a `redpanda` schema in that catalog and override its managed storage location, through the external location, to `s3://<cluster-bucket-name>`, which matches the S3 bucket that Redpanda uses for Tiered Storage.
endif::[]

> After you choose one of these catalog options, the remaining authorization and Redpanda configuration steps are the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on Unity Catalog managed storage location hierarchy, see the https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/data-governance/unity-catalog/#managed-storage-location-hierarchy[Databricks documentation^].
```
"Remaining steps are the same" is no longer necessary if we add the intro paragraph; I'd move the Databricks link for further info here
